<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="search_for_duplicate_knowledge_base_articles">
    <title>Search for duplicate articles</title>
    <shortdesc>Before creating a new Knowledge Base article, you need to verify the article is not
        already covered in the Knowledge Base.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="10/31/2023"/>
        </critdates>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context/>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Sign in to TDX and select <b>Client Portal.</b></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once signed into TDX, click the <b>Applications menu</b>and select <b>Client
                        Portal.</b></cmd>
                <info><i>A new window (tab) will open.</i></info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <b>Knowledge Base </b>in the menu bar.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <b>Search </b>in the menu bar.</cmd>
                <info><i>The Search page will appear with multiple search options. </i></info>
                <info>By default, the Status filter is set to Approved.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose your search option(s).</cmd>
                <info>Visit Knowledge Base search options reference file for more.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <b>Search.</b></cmd>
                <info><i>A list of articles that meet your search criteria will appear below the
                        Search options.</i></info>
                <info>Search results are limited to 300.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the link to any article that could cover what your new article would
                    cover.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Review the article to verify it does not cover what your new article would
                    cover. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Repeat the search as necessary to ensure your new article is not already
                    covered in the Knowledge Base.</cmd>
                <info>You may need to try several searches with different keywords and search
                    options.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
